Add Chainlit Studio (#1728)
Lightning-AI/litgpt: tutorials/deploy.md

Example input
```

&nbsp;
## Serve an LLM UI with Chainlit

> If you are interested in developing a simple ChatGPT-like UI prototype, you can find a demo see the following Studio using Chainlit:

Author: ```suggestion
If you are interested in developing a simple ChatGPT-like UI prototype, see the Chainlit tutorial in the following Studio:
```
